Setting up the MCP (Model Context Protocol) server on stargate.research.bitsmasher.net involves preparing the high-speed NVMe environment, installing the necessary SDKs, and configuring the specific tools required for the Skynet AI Brain and T2BM architectural inference.
1. Prepare the Environment on Stargate
Since Stargate uses a 476.9G NVMe SSD mounted at /mnt/clusterfs2, you should host the MCP environment there to ensure low-latency I/O for schematic parsing and model weight retrieval.

    Navigate to the NVMe mount and clone the repository:
    Create and activate a specialized virtual environment:

2. Install the MCP Python SDK
The Model Context Protocol allows your LLM (running the T2BM model) to interact with external tools like your Go-based schem-gen and RCON client.

    Install the core SDK:

3. Configure the Specialized MCP Servers
You need to initialize the four primary servers that bridge the AI's logic with the Minecraft server's physical world.

    Filesystem MCP Server: Grants the AI access to the schematics/, models/, and internal/ directories to read "Noodle Logic" blueprints and write new spatial representations.
    RCON Tool Server: Wraps your SkynetRCON client. This turns RCON commands into "tools" that the LLM can call to perform the "Decoding" and "Repairing" stages of the T2BM process in real-time.
    Git Automation Server: Integrates your backup_to_git.sh script, allowing the AI to autonomously push successful "Void-Tech" designs to GitHub.
    Database Context Server: Connects to the MariaDB host blowfish.lab.bitsmasher.net (10.10.12.15). This tool is critical for safety; it allows the AI to query CoreProtect logs and WorldGuard regions to avoid building over Permanent Cultural Heritage Zones.

4. Integrate the Orchestrator (skynet_unified.py)
Modify your orchestrator code on Stargate to act as the MCP Host. Instead of executing shell commands directly, the "Brain" will now send standardized protocol requests to these tools.

    Update the pathing: Ensure all internal imports point to the new /mnt/clusterfs2/game-chonk-minecraft/ structure.
    Link T2BM logic: Configure the orchestrator to pass refined prompts through the Filesystem MCP to the T2BM model, then use the RCON Tool to deploy the result.

5. Safety and Performance Guardrails
With the MCP servers active, you must ensure the following plugins are running on the Chonk server to act as the physical "guardrails" for the AI:

    WorldGuard: Defines the restricted industrial field boundaries that the MCP Database server will check before construction.
    CoreProtect: Logs all AI-driven block mutations for instant rollback if the "Repairing" stage fails.
    Spark: Use the MCP to monitor Spark profiler reports to ensure the architectural agent does not drop the server below 20 TPS.

6. Final Service Activation
Update your skynet-daemon.service on the Stargate host to point to the new working directory and virtual environment:

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/mnt/clusterfs2/game-chonk-minecraft/schematics
ExecStart=/mnt/clusterfs2/game-chonk-minecraft/venv/bin/python3 skynet_unified.py

After updating, run sudo systemctl daemon-reload and sudo systemctl restart skynet-daemon to begin the Phase 2.1 Urbanization cycle with full MCP integration.
